//(Nothing to turn in for this question) Add a recent, clear picture of yourself to your Zoom profile.
//In CSE 2221, what constitutes "going over the line" with regard to acceptable collaboration vs. academic misconduct?
//Will your homework grade be better if you look up and copy the answers rather than thinking about the questions and providing your own answers?
What are the two most important benefits of the Java language? 
  safety, portability
What's an algorithm?
  an algorithm— a step-by-step description of how to solve a problem
What two main categories of errors can you expect to encounter when programming?
  run-time and compiler errors
(These are from Self Check questions 15-19 in Section 1.6 of Java for Everyone.)
Suppose you omit the "" characters around Hello, World! from the HelloPrinter.java program. Is this a compile-time error or a run-time error?
  compile-time
Suppose you change println to printline in the HelloPrinter.java program. Is this a compile-time error or a run-time error?
  compile-time
Suppose you change main to hello in the HelloPrinter.java program. Is this a compile-time error or a run-time error?
  compile-time
When you used your computer, you may have experienced a program that "crashed" (quit spontaneously) or "hung" (failed to respond to your input). Is that behavior a compile-time error or a run-time error?
  run-time
Why can’t you test a program for run-time errors when it has compile-time errors?
 Because it won't compile if it has run-time errors.
Show what this program prints. Be exact and complete. Can you explain the behavior of each print statement?

public class Test {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("39 + 3"); //"39 + 3" (just prints the string)
        System.out.println(39 + 3);  // 42 (it does 39+2)
        System.out.println("39" + 3); //393 (+ is an overloaded modifier that will add a 3 to the string 39
    }
}

Acronym Attack! Software Engineers love to use TLAs (three letter acronyms) to compress complex ideas into small efficient packets. If you want to keep up, you need to learn the code. For each of the following, expand the acronym and give a brief definition.
API 
An application program interface (API) is a set of routines, protocols, and tools for building software applications
CPU
central processing unit: the key component of a computer system, which contains the circuitry necessary to interpret and execute program instructions.
IBM 
International Business Machines Corporation is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Armonk, New York, with operations in over 170 countries.
IDE
Integrated Developing Environment, Visual Studio, Eclipse, where you have your compiler to execute code
JDK
Java Development Kit, is where you have your Java environment and the ability to have Java in your code
JVM
Java Virtual Machine (JVM) is a engine that provides runtime environment to drive the Java Code or applications.
GUI
The graphical user interface is a form of user interface that allows users to interact with electronic devices through graphical icons and audio indicator such as primary notation
LAN
A local area network is a computer network that interconnects computers within a limited area such as a residence, school, laboratory, university campus or office building. 
MAC (the acronym, often followed by "address"; not a Macintosh)
media access control address
A media access control address (MAC address) is a unique identifier assigned to a network interface controller (NIC) for use as a network address in communications within a network segment. 
RSS
RSS stands for Really Simple Syndication. It refers to files easily read by a computer called XML files that automatically update information. This information is fetched by a user's RSS feed reader that converts the files into the latest updates from websites in an easy to read format.
UUT
A unit under test (UUT) is the object that is being tested.
XML
Extensible Markup Language is a markup language that defines a set of rules for encoding documents in a format that is both human-readable and machine-readable. 
